handbook: docsite seo instructions (#4812)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/product_documentation.md

```

YAML front matter is optional and is used for adding page metadata that can be used by document processors such as docsite and static site generators.

### SEO

> Similarly, SEO metadata can provided individually for every document, which will help our documentation page to raise its search rank. Every one of them are totally optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, SEO metadata can be provided individually for every document, which will help our docs pages to appear higher in the search rankings. Every one of them is totally optional.
```
